Adding Land Sector Data Analysis Guide to contributing guidelines (#153)
moja-global/About_moja_global: Contributing/How-to-Contribute-Review-Science-Design.md

## Review or Contribute to a Science Design

All moja global code is informed by a **Science Design**. Science Designs are developed collaboratively and everybody is invited to contribute. It is advisable to review the science design before contributing to the code or the documentation. Follow the following steps to contribute to or review a **Science Design**:   

1.  Find the **Science Design**:

>     -   Every moja global repository will have a sub-directory called **Science** in the root directory.
>     -   The Science folder will contain 2 types of Science Designs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   Every moja global repository has a sub-directory called **Science** in the root directory.
    -   The Science folder contains two types of Science Designs:
```

        -   PDF files contain completed science designs.  
        -   Markdown files contain a link to **Science Design** under development. 
    -   Locate the PDF file with the highest [version number](How-to-Assign-a-Version.md) for review.
    -   Locate the Markdown file with the highest [version number](How-to-Assign-a-Version.md) for a contribution.
    -   If no Markdown file is available, proceed with [agreeing on a Science Design](https://github.com/moja-global/About-moja-global/blob/master/Contributing/How-to-Agree-on-a-Science-Design.md).

2.  Review **Science Design**:

>     -   Open the PDF file you would wish to review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   Open the PDF file you plan to review.
```

2.  Review **Science Design**:

>     -   Open the PDF file you plan to review.r

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   Open the PDF file you plan to review.
```
